The Adventures in Terraria Remade Mod - A Terraria tModLoader mod
Created by NightFuryis11, based on the ideas of NeoPhantom and ProfessorBoo.

Contents:
 ln 12 - About me
 ln 19 - How to contact and support me
 ln 32 - About the mod
 ln 45 - How to install
 ln 52 - Contributing to the cause
 
 
ABOUT ME
   Hi guys, this is NightFuryis11! Well, people call me Night around the public sphere. I'm a small-time YouTuber and a high
school student, as well as an (almost Eagle) Boy Scout. For the longest time, I've had such facination with certain mods for both
Terraria and Minecraft, but only recently have I decided to try my hand at it. This mod is the result. THis is just one of the
many projects I've worked on, though most are for my YouTube channel.


HOW TO CONTACT AND SUPPORT ME
  The best way to contact me is via the email <nightsyt@gmail.com> or on Discord <NightFuryis11#6421>. I have many server-type
methods of contact as well:

  The Official Mod Discord Server - https://discord.gg/RWwVQHp (Under construction)
  My Official YouTube Discord Server - https://discord.gg/B227gqQ
  My YouTube Channel - https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCjodzQ1nSzQ47PfMzgqdKVA
  My Twitch Channel - https://twitch.tv/nightfuryis11
  
If you're feeling generous, you can also visit <https://www.patreon.com/NightFuryis11>, where you can donate to me directly. While
not to be used for the mod directly, at this point, it'll be put towards my assorted YouTube endeavors.


ABOUT THE MOD
  This mod was originally born as an idea by Terraria Community Forum user ProfessorBoo, under the pseudonym The Adventures in
Terraria. After a hefty amount of dicussion, Boo seemed to fall out of contact with the rest of us, and ideas started slowing
down. Up until this point, the only actual work that had been put into the mod was a handful of sprites I myself had made, but
even these were highly conceptual. After some time, after it had become clear that Boo was not going to become active any time
soon, I took it upon myself to try to revive the mod. I made a new Forum discussion, christening it The Adventures in Terraria
Remade. Even after this, not much happened until late 2019. At that point, I decided to start learning to code it myself. I'm
still terribly new at this, so if you see something that could be cleaned up, don't feel shy to contact me and let me know.
Regardless, at this point, the mod is planned to be a mid-size content mod, adding sparce additions throughout normal Terraria
progression, as well as some post-Moon Lord content and several major biomes to explore. This mod will also continue to grow,
likely in small chunks over big releases.


HOW TO INSTALL
  There are two ways to go about installing this mod. The first is simply from the Mod Browser embedded inside tModLoader
itself. As you would any other mod, simply go into the Mod Browser, install, and enable the mod. Then create a new world (to get
all the benefits, not just the content), and hop in to play! The second way to install is to download the .tmod file off of
Dropbox <Links under construction>, and put it directly into your tModLoader folder <Directories also under construction>.


CONTRIBUTING TO THE CAUSE
  If you would like to contribute to The Adventures in Terraria Remade Mod ("The Mod") code-wise, you must follow the Terms stated
   in the Code of Contribution (CoC) below:
  
    1 - Please be completely sure your code works before creating a pull request. This includes testing it yourself on your own
        client with your altered version of the code as well as recording video evidence of your code working, should you be
        asked to provide it (most likely in the event of the code not functioning the same on my end).
        
    2 - Do not alter a line of code unless you are sure of what it does. Things that may seem unnecessary may be necessary,
        or at least be the only way I knew how to make that particular action occur. If you find an alternate code that
        accomplishes the same action but is cleaner, that is acceptable but generally unnecessary, and may make my own additions
        harder.
        
    3 - NEVER commit a code alteration directly to the master branch unless you are a registered collaborator. When you suggest a
        code alteration, create a new brand following the name format <file altered>-<purpose for altering>. Also include a
        detailed description of why you proposed the alteration.
        
    4 - In general, unless you know what you're doing, it is safer to create an issue report for something that could be done
        better, or needs fixed, instead of trying to fix it yourself.
        
    5 - If you successfully propose an alteration or fix to the code, and it is accepted, your username will be put at the end
        of the .cs file in a // comment. Do not do this yourself, but wait for it do be done by a collaborator.
  
  
  By proposing an alteration to the code of The Mod you accept and agree to abide by the Terms stated in the CoC above. Failure to
    abide by the Terms waives any recognition you should otherwise recieve, including those listed in Term 5 of the CoC and any
    portion of the Copyright and its protections and responsibilities you would have otherwise been entitled to.
